# hello-world
This is a repository.

Hello everyone,

My name is Michael Ducey.  I was born and raised in Omaha, and spent most of my life here.  I left for graduate school about ten years ago, and lived in several places in the US: Lubbock, Cincinnati, and Willimantic, CT.  I was trying to be a professional philosopher, and in some ways, I'm still trying.  I'm working on my dissertation, which is about the interpretation of literature.  Don't get me started on the topic, I'll bore you to tears.  Of course, I also do love to talk philosophy, but I try to warn people ahead of time so they are properly informed and can make an easy excuse to leave the conversation.  For a variety of reasons, I have decided not to pursue an academic career in philosophy, or at least for the present time.  My wife is also an academic, and finished her doctorate last year.  She got a job back in Omaha, and we moved here in August.  I spent most of the last year as a stay-at-home dad to my toddler.  I was able to take a course or two at MCC, including an intro to coding.  I feel like I still know nothing about coding, but I did learn enough to find out that I think it's interesting.  I see a lot of commonalities between coding and symbolic logic, and having spent time teaching and tutoring logic to students, I am looking to learn more.  Logic is fun, and I like doing proofs, setting out arguments in a rigorous form.  I hope that my initial impressions of coding are on point!

In my spare time, I spend too much time on the internet.  I suppose I like to play board games of many kinds, but with a young child, I feel like I haven't played them in forever.  I have really come to enjoy Omaha in a new way since moving back, and my wife and I have engrossed ourselves in learning Omaha history. I drink too much coffee and not enough beer.  I like to talk.
